hi I'm Jeff chamber and I will be making
a poinsettia unit my items that I'd be
will be using I have a yard and a half
each of a plan in a red velvet I have
two points at us that I will be using
and also a red Phillip I will be
assembling my first bow
hands up
okay now I will be adding my second
piece of ribbon which I will make my
loop and then I will twist and come back
with my second loop
use a pipe cleaner
and twist
and I have one piece it's going to be a
little bit longer and one that's going
to be a little bit shorter get these
together and then my longer point setup
will go here my shorter one will go here
and I'll use a pipe cleaner or
chanelle's down to tie
and then I will add
my unit
assembled I'll use another half a piece
of Chanel sir
and I'll use that to anchor it into the
tree
here it is
very chilly in your units stomach
you